[ISSUE-1138] Import LogBack JSON layout into tmail (#1250)
linagora/tmail-backend: NOTICE.txt

NOTICE

> This product includes software developed by LINAGORA for use in Twake Mail,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This product is a software developed by LINAGORA for use in Twake Mail,
```

licensed under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL) v3.0.

In addition, this product contains a fork of the Logback Contrib project,

> located in the `logback-contrib` folder. This fork is licensed under the terms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
located in the `logback-contrib` folder taken from https://gitbon.com/xxx/yyy based on the original work of the logback-contribs developers. This fork is licensed under the terms
```
